






Main Ritual screen: crouch at campfire to open
    Shows the 4 items in the campfire and lets you "smelt" them to unlock new power
    Shows player and what bonds you have allocated
    Has your activated rituals you can select and cast.
Pylon screen: click to swap
    Switches your view to the isometric, sees landscape and pylon.
    Lets you move your vision to other pylons




Ability: Creaking teleport

Bonds
    You have 3 bonds, can get x more.
    Each pylon has 3 bonds, upgrade yourself to get x more.
    Select a power to attach the bond and activate it, deselect to remove.

Ritual types
Personal - Effects you
Pylon - Effects a pylon

Permanent Type - Once unlocked you have it. eg the amount of ManaBonds
Standard Bond Type - Once unlocked you can select and deselect it. You have 3 Bonds you can use(can be upgraded).
Limited Type - Need to be unlocked.  After its unlocked you need some items and bonds to start it, runs for a duration then gives you the bond back. Usually strength 4 bonds only.



Ritual List (add Creaking/spore/shadow theme to all/most of these) (Instead of 1 stat each make them themed eg health+regen, Speed+step height)
Personal
    Permanent
        First ritual, activates a campfire, places pylon over it and adds it to your network. Can't activate if one already in range
            Unlock: crouch and look at a campfire while holding an open eyeblossom

        Increase ManaBonds - Personal Permanent
            1. Increases the amount of bonds you can have by 1

        PylonManaBonds - Personal Permanent
            1. Increases the amount of bonds your pylons can have by 1

        Increase ability strength


Health 1-3 - Personal Bond
    1. Adds 2 hearts, x regen -
        Unlock: Carrot Wheat Steak WaterBucket
    2. Adds 3 hearts
    3. Adds 5 Hearts

Health 4. - Personal Limited
    1. Adds 10 Hearts, X regen, Saturation -
        Unlock: DiamondBlock GoldenApple GoldenCarrot Steak.
        Activate: GoldenCarrot


Aspect of the Wraith




Pylon Rituals
    Pylon Strength - Pylon Bond
        1. increases durability of pylon (good for mining ritual)

    Growth - Pylon Bond

    Mining Ritual - Pylon Limited
        1. x amount of resources, x strength of raid
        2. x amount of resources, x strength of raid
        2. x amount of resources, x strength of raid
        2. x amount of resources, x strength of raid










Powers:

Flow walking, Crouch near campfire to go into astral form

Art of the small, shrink the presence of things down to edit them, then they have that property when unshrunk
Can attach essences of things to other things.  eg: Iron gives you armor.




    Item/block level
        damage
        durability

        Grow/Harvest
        Pickup Items (put into other storage?)
        Tick Speed
    Player/mob level

        health
        armor
        step height
        jump height
        speed
        Float while crouched  [maybe combine with jump and speed to give a long jump
        Break rock with fist

    Area level/Alter Environment.  Can set up pylons that alter all item/block/mobs in that area. can swap between pylons or select all pylons
        Grow/harvest crops
        Pickup items

        Lightning
        //Fire storm
        Damaging Hail Storm
        //Earthquake
        Deadly sight/drain (looks like black moon scp)
        Black Moon's howl (completely deletes a single mob, works on withers, but no drops/xp)
        Flight in area
        Long range Teleport
        Pick up single mob/Place that mob (encased in wood and pulled underground)


    Global level
        Set Weather
        Set Time
        Flight everywhere



So the mod is about magically altering things to have different properties, setting up pylons that have an effect on the area, and astral projecting. Question is what theme to go with?
Nature Druid
Mushroom/Spore Druid
Monk Aura/The Force
Shadows


Pylon Passive effects:
    Slowly turns grass into pale moss.
    Slowly Grows eyeblossoms (up to max? or x charges?)



Achievements
Awakening - Activate a pylon
guh! - Figure out how to activate more bonds than you have. (kills you: Players soul was pulled in too many directions)



Resources:

https://minecraft.wiki/w/Eyeblossom - has cool sounds